We describe the Reversibility Error Method (REM) and its applications to the
planetary dynamics. REM is based on \textit{the time-reversibility analysis} of
the phase-space trajectories of conservative Hamiltonian systems. The round-off
errors break the time reversibility and the displacement from the initial
condition, occurring when we integrate it forward and backward for the same time
interval, is related to the dynamical character of the trajectory. If the motion
is chaotic, in the sense of non-zero maximal Characteristic Lyapunov Exponent
(mLCE), then REM increases exponentially with time, as $\exp \lambda t$, while
when the motion is regular (quasi-periodic) then REM increases as a power
\corr{law} in time, as $t^\alpha$, where $\alpha$ and $\lambda$ are real
coefficients. We compare the REM with a variant of mLCE, the Mean Exponential
Growth factor of Nearby Orbits (MEGNO). The test set includes the restricted
three body problem and five resonant planetary systems: HD~37124, Kepler-60,
Kepler-36, Kepler-29 and Kepler-26. We found a very good agreement between
the outcomes of these algorithms. Moreover, numerical implementation of REM is
astonishing simple, and is based on solid theoretical background. The REM
requires only a symplectic and time-reversible (symmetric) integrator of the
equations of motion. This method is also CPU efficient. It may be particularly
useful for the dynamical analysis of multiple planetary systems in the 
\kepler{} sample, characterized by low-eccentricity orbits and relatively weak
mutual interactions. As an interesting side-result, we found a possible {\em
stable chaos} occurrence in the Kepler-29 planetary system.
